write a python program that converts temparature between celsius and fahrenheit the prograam should prompt the user to input a temparature value and select the conversion type (celcius to fahrenheit or fahrenheit to celcius). display the  result after conversion 

modify the temparature converter program to include conversion between celcius, fahrenheit and kelvin, the user should be able to convert from any unit to the other two


write a python program to find the largest of three numbers, the program should prompt the user to input three numbers and display the largest number among them.

modify the program to allow the user to input five numbers and find the largest number among them

write a python program that counts the number of words in a given string. the program should use a function to split the string and return the word count.

Modify the word count program to also count the frequency of each word in the sentence. Return the word count and a dictionary showing the frequency of each word.

write a program that performs additional operations on the list such as sorting and reversing the list, in addition, to insert,delete, and find operations

write a python program to merge two dictionaries. the program should allow the user to input two dictionaries and merge them into one

extend the dictionary merge the program to handle cases where the two dictionaries have overlapping keys, if a key exists in both dictionaries, the merged dictionary should add the values of the overlapping keys.

file handling
getting awareness about local and google drive folder and file access, remaining,copy, move files
faculty will provide the instruction on how to organize the activities in google folder or in local system.
note: no marks will be awarded

wrrite a python program that creates a 3x3 NumPy array filled with random integers between 1 and 20. calculates the mean of the array, and replaces all the elements less than 10 with 0

write a python program that creates two 3x3 matrices filled with randome integers between 1 and 10. perform matrix substraction, element-wise divisioin of both matrices

create a pandas data frame from a list of dictinaries. the data represents information about products (products name, category, and price). add a new column that calculates the discounted price (90% of the original price) and display the DataFrame
